Obama: Mr. President-Elect. How are you? Good to see you.
Congratulations.
It's so nice to see you. How are you?
Trump: It looked like a million, million and a half people.
The rest of the, you know, 20-block area,
all the way back to the Washington Monument was packed.
And I want to just pray for Arnold,
if we can, for those ratings, okay?
[Chuckles]
Thank you, everybody.
Handshake? Handshake?
-Do you want to have a handshake?
-You know, coming from a different world
and only being a politician for a short period of time,
how am I doing? Am I doing okay? I'm president.
Hey, I'm president! Can you believe it, right?
You're in such great shape.
She's in such great shape. Beautiful.
You want to achieve your dreams.
I said, "Who the hell wants to speak about politics
when I'm in front of the Boy Scouts?"
My hands are too big.
Does red -- Does red mean it's on or it's off?
On.
17,000 jobs.
Hang on. They don't have water.
That's okay. What?
That's okay.